HAIR SET
ROSEMARY INFUSED HAIR SHAMPOO
Suitable for people with natural, permed and dreadlocks. 
Contains Rosemary extracts which induce and stimulate hair growth whilst cleansing.
S.P; Soft and mild cleansing agents that cleanses the hair and the scalp gently whilst stimulating hair growth.
AVOCZDO INFUSED HAIR CONDITIONER 
Suitable for natural and permed hair.
Restores and retains moisture after hair cleansing (Shampooing). Softens hair and makes it easier to comb.
Contains avocado extracts which is high in healthy fats and proteins which strengthens the hair strands. 
S.P; Naturally derived ingredients were combines to soften and supply the hair with healthy fats and proteins.
LEAVE IN CONDITIONER
Suitable for natural hair, permed hair and hair extensions.
It is used right after conditioning the hair to initiate styling. Repairs hair and leaves it with sheen and softness fro style and control. It can be used on daily bases for hair grooming. Perfect for blow drying or thermal styling. Defines curls and waves when used in hair or hair extensions. Eliminates dryness or brittleness by restoring and maintaining moisture in hair.
S.P; Uniquely formulated to retain moisture, tighten hair shaft and condition the hair. A moisturized hair is a healthy hair.
HAIR PROTEIN 
Suitable for permed hair, natural hair, dread locks and all forms of hair extensions.
Combats hair brittleness and stimulates sheen whilst protecting the hair strands. Enriched with nutrients, which strengthens hair, stimulates hair growth and reduce the rate of breakages drastically.

S.P; The balance formula helps prevent hair breakages. Makes hair easy to comb, thereby reducing breakages whist restoring it with nutrients such as healthy fats and proteins to strengthen the strands. 
ALMOND HAIR MAYONEASE 
Suitable for natural, permed and hair extensions. 
Very rich in natural Oleic acid which promotes hair growth and nourishment. Helps retain moisture into the hair which makes it an excellent formula for deep conditioning. 
For a damages or brittle hair, deep conditioning could be done once in two weeks. For a healthy hair, it could be done once in 3 to 4 weeks.
Deep conditioning should be a constant ritual before and after perming the hair. Deep conditioner reduces the rate of hair damage in the process of perming hair. It reduces the rate of breakages and frizz. Making it an essential requirement before and after perming hair.  
Also, before and after braiding hair, it is essential to undergo deep conditioning to help protect and restore the hair. This process strengthens the hair and improves it elasticity before braiding. Also, providing the hair with intense hydration prior to braiding the hair. It sooths the scalp and reduces the rate of flaking and itches. Thereby, calming the scalp and restoring moisture. 
S.P: Rich is proteins and nutrients necessary for retaining moisture and strengthening hair strands. 
 SCALP ITCHING AND HAIR GROWTH THERAPY
Suitable for all types of hair.
Apply directly to scalp and massage it itchy areas. The rate of itchiness will reduce drastically. It can be used after braids to relieve pains and tightness whilst stimulating hair growth. 
S.P; Contains Jojoba oil which stimulate hair growth and repairs the barriers of the scalp. 
 
PROCEDURE AND CAUTIONS 
1.	Begin by preparing the hair for shampooing. Cleanse the hair with Rosemary infused Shampoo, repeating the process two to three times as needed to ensure a thorough yet mild cleanse.
2.	Carefully blot the hair with a clean towel to remove excess water. This should be done softly and slowly to minimize friction and prevent unnecessary breakage.
3.	Apply conditioner evenly through the hair, taking time to gently massage the scalp for a few minutes to promote relaxation and improve circulation.
4.	On days designated for deep conditioning treatments, kindly avoid using avocado Infused Hair Conditioner to allow the treatment to work effectively.
5.	After rinsing, gently pat the hair with a towel to absorb excess moisture, ensuring minimal friction against the hair strands.
6.	Proceed by applying Vicesh Hair Protein along with a suitable leave-in conditioner to prepare the hair for styling. This creates a smooth foundation for blow-drying, tonging, or roller setting.
NB: On designated days for deep conditioning treatment, kindly avoid the use of the Avocado Infused Hair Conditioners


OTHER HAIR PRODUCTS 

























VICESH SKIN TALK (GREEN PEDICURE SET) 
NB: the numbering system of this product is very essential for its identification. 
Vicesh Skin talk Pedicure Kit includes six full-sized numbered products and other two gift products which are equally essential for an excellent pedicure procedure. 
1.	Foot Soak
Enriched with botanical extracts and essential oils to relax and softens tired feet.
2.	Hygiene Spray
Sanitizes the feet before treatment, helping to prevent infection.
3.	Foot Scrub
Exfoliates rough, dry skin, leaving feet feeling soft and smooth
4.	Foot Masque
A deep-soothing mask that moisturizes and softens the feet.
5.	Foot & Leg Lotion
Revitalizes tired feet and legs with a cooling effect.
6.	Revitalizing Spray
Soothes, cools, and refreshes the feet with a built-in deodorizer.
Pedicure Salt
Helps in relaxation of the legs muscles whilst enhancing the overall pedicure experience. Calms tired food and releases body pains.
Anticeptic
Prevents fungal and bacterial infections whilst maintaining hygiene. 
PEDICURE PROCEDURE 
	1.	Sanitize with number 2(hygiene spray)
Spray the Hygiene Spray evenly over the feet to cleanse and prepare them for treatment.
	2.	Soak with number 1(Foot soak), together with a substantial amount of the pedicure salt.
Add the Foot Soak and the pedicure salt to warm water and soak feet for about 15 minutes to relax and soften the skin.
	3.	Exfoliate with number 3(Foot Scrub)
Apply the Foot Scrub to the feet, focusing on areas with hard skin while you gently rub the scrub in a circular motion, then rinse thoroughly. 
	4.	Masque with number 4(Foot Masque)
Apply the Foot Masque liberally over the feet, wrap in a towel or foot liner, leave for about 15 minutes, then rinse off.
	5.	Moisturize with number 5(Foot and Leg Lotion)
Massage the Foot & Leg Lotion into the feet and legs to hydrate and revitalize.
	6.	Refresh with number 6(Revitalizing Spray)
Finish by spraying the Revitalizing Spray over the feet for a cooling and refreshing effect.


VICESH PEDICURE SET (RED SET)
NB: the numbering system of this product is very essential for its identification. 
Vicesh Pedicure Set includes five full-sized numbered products and other four gift products which are equally essential for an excellent pedicure procedure. 
1.Antibacterial Pedicure Shampoo
A gentle foot cleaning shampoo that removes impurities and kills bacteria, leaving the foot soft and clean.
2. Foot Soak
A soothing surfactant, formulated to soften rough skin and ease minor discomfort.
3. Pedicure Salt
Infuses with minerals and essential oils which relaxes tired feet and keeps the feet relaxed. These minerals and essential detoxifies the body, reduces stress and calms the leg muscles.
4. Pedicure Scrub
A gentle yet effective exfoliant that removes dead skin cells, smooths soft patches and enhances skin renewal. 
5. Pedicure Mask
An intense foot mask enriched with nourishing ingredients to soften the foot, hydrate the skin and lave skin in a smooth condition. 
Cuticle Softener 
A professional grade formula that softens and loosens cuticles for easy pushing and trimming without damage. 
Cuticle Oil
A blend of natural oils and vitamins to hydrate, protect and promote healthy cuticles and nails.
Antiseptic
Prevents fungal and bacterial infections whilst maintaining hygiene. 

Pedicure Cream
Salon grade formula, made to remove tough calluses, providing a smoother and healthier appearance. 
NB: 

PROCEDURE 
1.	Prepare a warm or cold-water bath. Add the appropriate amounts of antibacterial pedicure shampoo (No. 1), pedicure soak (No. 2), pedicure salt (No. 3), and antiseptic.
2.	Apply Vicesh Cuticle Softener to the nail plate and spread evenly.
3.	Apply a generous amount of pedicure cream to the soles of the feet, avoiding contact with the surrounding skin.
4.	Soak the feet in the water bath for about 10 minutes, depending on the skin type.
5.	Gently remove dead skin cells.
6.	Apply Foot Scrub (No. 4), focusing on areas with hard skin. Massage gently in circular motions, then rinse thoroughly.
7.	Apply Foot Masque generously over the feet. Wrap with a towel or foot liner, leave for about 15 minutes, then rinse off.
8.	Finish by massaging the nail plate with Vicesh Cuticle Oil.


IMPORTANCE OF PEDICURE
1.	Boast blood circulation 
2.	Relieves stress and promotes relaxation 
3.	Enhances nail health 
4.	Promotes healthy skin
5.	Improves the appearance of the feet. 


VICESH SKIN TALK MANICURE SET
NB: the numbering system of this product is very essential for its identification. 
Vicesh Skin talk  Manicure set includes six full-sized numbered products and three other gift products which are equally essential for an excellent pedicure procedure.
products which are equally essential for an excellent pedicure procedure. 
1.	Anti-aging hand soak
Enriched with botanical extracts and essential oils to relax and softens hands.
2.	Manicure Hygiene Spray
Sanitizes the hand before treatment, helping to prevent infection.
3.	Hand Scrub
Exfoliates rough, dry skin, leaving hand feeling soft and smooth
4.	Rehydrating Hand Masque
A deep-soothing mask that moisturizes and softens the hand.
5.	Foot & Leg Lotion
Revitalizes tired hand and legs with a cooling and calming effect.
6.	Revitalizing Spray
Soothes, cools, and refreshes the feet with a built-in deodorizer.
Pedicure Salt
Helps in relaxation of the legs muscles whilst enhancing the overall pedicure experience. Calms tired food and releases body pains. 
Antiseptic
Prevents fungal and bacterial infections whilst maintaining hygiene.
Cuticle Softener 
A professional grade formula that softens and loosens cuticles for easy pushing and trimming without damage. 

PROCEDURE
1.	Apply Vicesh Cuticle Softener to the nail plate and spread evenly.
2.	Sanitize with number 2(hygiene spray). Spray the Hygiene Spray evenly over the feet to cleanse and prepare them for treatment.
3.	Soak with number 1(Foot soak), together with a substantial amount of the pedicure salt. Add the Foot Soak and the pedicure salt to warm water and soak feet for about 15 minutes to relax and soften the skin. 
4.	Exfoliate with number 3(Foot Scrub)
Apply the Foot Scrub to the feet, focusing on areas with hard skin while you gently rub the scrub in a circular motion, then rinse thoroughly. 
